now the regex_trie works. Next is to add the propper value to each identity. What should it be? Should it be the function for checking if the context is correct and also adding it to its own state and others? The function should be able to change states of other tokes for example for the token "(" you would change the state of the matching ")", but wait, thats inefficient, because then you would need to seach O(n) though all tokens after "(" until you find the corresponding ")". What about making this function for each identity be able to create other states shared by multiple tokes? Then you would just make a state with one of the type functions for "(" and ")" and add to a stack in that state where index the previous "(" was at. Then you need to be able to make the name of that state changable unlike normal variables in most programming languages. How should you be able to find state for all "(" and ")" in this theoretical syntax? Everything must be accessed through the one and only context which can replace it self as well if the syntax changes. The base datastructure of this global state must be a regex_trie so that you are able to understand the syntax which tries to get the state for "(" and ")". So to support "(" and ")" you have to create another identifier in the regex_trie which is the context for all "(" and ")". You must also be able to express that overwriting it after initialization and before lexing and parsing any text should not be possible. That's quite easy when you look at iter_2.txt. All identities must have a type and you must define if its readable and writable. 

When calling a function how should you be able to add argmunets to the context? Do you have to first insert into the regex_trie then remove them after the function is done, like in assembly? If so and memory is allocated into a argument or any other dependencies is added to the argmuent then you have to make sure that somehow the ownership is transfered. Or maybe when you add an argument to the regex_trie you just define that the argmuent is not removed after the case. But when providing argmunets the names of the argmuents are changed. How should you handle that? And another question is that since we are talking about parsing and not runtime that maybe adding argmunets to the regex_trie before function call is the wrong approach? I think I know now. regex_tries should not be an input in a function since the regex_trie is already in the context when the function is called. switching regex_tries should only be done manually when new syntax comes after. Another problem: How do you handle when any error happens? It could be that the regex_trie doesnt identify the current string index or that inserting a new identity allready exists in the regex_trie or that the semantics is wrong. Ok, when you start a new lexing+parsing pass you have to set up some states for that to be stored and when an error happens inside the lexing/parsing/runtime the controll will be returned to that called. If some lexing/parsing/runtime doesnt have a parent caller then the program dies, similar to how our souls or reputation or bodies dies. So the genesis caller should be really safe so it never dies. Just like God. 

How should the names of arguments be changed when passed into a function? Look at how a function is defined in iter_2.txt. you dont define a function in the traditional way: "int add(int a, int b)". You rather defined precisely everything the function consumes, changes and returns as consumable when its name is invoked. 

What should the value for each identity be? It must at least be the function for parsing the token. 

How should structs be represented in regex_trie? You have to differentiate between the function as value for each identity and the state stored for each token. These functions work with these token states and these functions gets invoked when the token showes up. Actually all identites are structs so you can call the dot "." after any token and you can write e.g. "type" or "readable" after the dot ".". Maybe the token parsing struct for each token should be accessed some other way and not use the dot "." after to get this token parsing struct. I think structs should not be a default thing as you should be able to create a structs with code and meta code and the types you want to be part of the struct. There arent strcts in assembly. But the most low level of creating anything in this language is struct-like because for each identity you have to first define the type then all the files required for that type within the same "struct".